benjamindannegard/ Updated bootloader update text (#127)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/boards/portenta-h7/tutorials/por-ard-gs/content.md

### Configuring the Development Environment
In this section, we will guide you through a step-by-step process of setting up your Portenta board for running an Arduino Sketch that blinks the built-in RGB LED.

> ***IMPORTANT: Please make sure to update the bootloader to the most recent version to benefit from the latest improvements. As explained [here](/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-bl), before you proceed with the next step of this tutorial!***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***IMPORTANT: Please make sure to update the bootloader to the most recent version to benefit from the latest improvements. As explained [here](/tutorials/portenta-h7/updating-the-bootloader), before you proceed with the next step of this tutorial!***
```

> ***IMPORTANT: Please make sure to update the bootloader to the most recent version to benefit from the latest improvements. As explained [here](/tutorials/portenta-h7/updating-the-bootloader), before you proceed with the next step of this tutorial!***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***IMPORTANT: Please make sure to update the bootloader to the most recent version to benefit from the latest improvements. Follow [these steps](/tutorials/portenta-h7/updating-the-bootloader) before you proceed with the next step of this tutorial.***
```
